Hey, get on in here.
Get off me! Get off me!
You're a disgrace.
What are you doing?
I can't believe my son married such a gross line ball like you.
You not only brought shame to yourself but to my son and my family.
Mom, don't waste your energy on her.
I'm your wife!
Why are you treating me like I'm trash?
But you are trash.
And you deserve it.
You thought my son would stay with someone like you?
Oh no.
He's leveled up.
Not only is he now a billionaire, but he also has a real high value woman.
Gorgeous and smart.
Thank you, Bunny.
But he's been leveled up for a while now.
Three years in counting.
You've been together for three years.
That's how long we've been married.
I hope we'll just pay something for Jesus.
Don't touch my man.